VANTRIX CORPORATION f265.org CONTRIBUTOR LICENSE AGREEMENT v. 1.0

These terms apply to your contribution of materials to the f265.org product or
project pursuant to the BSD 2-CLAUSE LICENSE Agreement executed on the date
hereof ("project"), and set out the intellectual property rights you grant to
Vantrix Corporation ("we," "us" or "our") in the contributed materials. If any
contribution is made on behalf of a company, the term "you" will also mean the
company you identify below. If you agree to be bound by these terms, provide
the information requested below along with the statement "I accept these terms"
in the body of an email, attach the copy of these terms you received from us to
that email, and send the email to us at f265@f265.org. You may also scan and
email a signed copy of these terms with the information below filled-in to us
at f265@f265.org.


1. The term "contribution" means any source code, object code, patch, tool,
sample, graphic, specification, manual, documentation, or any other content or
material (1) ever posted or submitted by you to the project, or (2) owned by
you and otherwise ever included in the project as of the date you agree to
these terms.


2. With respect to any worldwide copyrights, or copyright applications and
registrations, in any contribution:

- you hereby assign to us joint ownership, and to the extent that such
  assignment is or becomes invalid, ineffective or unenforceable, you hereby
  grant to us a perpetual, irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge,
  royalty-free, unrestricted license to exercise all rights under those
  copyrights. This includes, at our option, the right to sublicense these same
  rights to third parties through multiple levels of sublicensees or other
  arrangements;

- you agree that we can do all things in relation to any contribution as if we
  were the sole owners, and if we make a derivative work of any contribution,
  we will be the sole owner of that derivative work;

- you agree that you will not assert any moral rights in any contribution
  against us, our licensees or transferees;

- you agree that we may register a copyright in any contribution and exercise
  all ownership rights associated with it; and

- you agree that we have no duty to consult with, obtain the consent of, pay or
  render an accounting to you for any use or distribution of any contribution.


3. With respect to any patents in a contribution that you own, or that you can
license without payment to any third party, you hereby grant to us a perpetual,
irrevocable, non-exclusive, worldwide, no-charge, royalty-free license to:

- make, have made, use, sell, offer to sell, import, transfer and otherwise
  practice any contribution in whole or in part, alone or in combination with
  or included in the project or any product, work, or materials arising out of
  the project; and

- at our option, to sublicense these same rights to third parties through
  multiple levels of sublicensees or other arrangements.


4. Except as set out above, as between you and us, you keep all right, title,
and interest in any contribution. The rights that you grant to us under these
terms are effective on the date the contribution was first submitted to us,
even if the submission took place before the date you agree to these terms. We
will use commercially reasonable efforts to make any contribution we make
available under any license also available under a license compatible with the
BSD 2-Clause License.


5. With respect to any contribution, you represent that:

- it is an original work and that you can legally grant the rights set out in
  these terms;

- it does not to the best of your knowledge violate any third party's
  copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets or other non-patent intellectual
  property rights; and

- you are authorized to sign this contract on behalf of your company (if
  identified below).


6. These terms will be governed by the laws of the province of Québec and the
laws of Canada applicable therein. Any choice of law rules will not apply. All
issues or disputes involving these terms will be brought in a court in the
district of Montreal, and each party irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction
and venue of those courts.


Your contact information (please print clearly):
- Your Name:
- Your Company's Name (if applicable):
- Mailing Address:
- Telephone and Fax:
- Email:

You agree to be bound by these terms:
- Your Name:
- Your Signature*:
  * If signing electronically, type "I accept these terms".
- Date:

